So let's make each one of these rules clickable.
Now you see the growth itself contains a few other items, so we have the image and we have the title.
We can make each one of these either one of these clickable.
But the idea is that we want to make the entire row in this case, the card clickable.
So how do we do this?
Well, so you should know by now that anything that we can put on the screen, we can make it clickable
even though it's at a button, even though it's not a an extended form of a button, composable can
be attached to anything.
So instead of a modifier here, this is a card.
After we've added a height, I can say that click a boy such and in this case, what is that I want
to happen when this card is clickable or it clicked?
Well, the best thing we can think of here is that first we can only pass a some sort of a callback
function.
OK.
Remember, instead of this function, we can pass, you guess another function which can be, call it,
as a trailing lambda because it's the last parameter, which is a function that returns nothing.
What I mean by that here is, I can say on item.
Click like this again.
I can say I want to pass as a parameter strength and I want to return nothing from this.
So I say unit and the moment we do this, you will see, let's just make it quote first.
You'll see that our movie role, if you have over is going to say, well, is expecting this on item,
click.
Now there are two things to take care of this.
As you know, we can just say equal to curly braces like this to say we're just passing nothing as default.
That doesn't mean we are not able to pass this on item and click here.
We can still do that, but it just tells the compiler that it's OK.
If that's not passed, the item clicked.
OK.
But we want to pass it so we know we can actually use the lambda.
And you can see we have this implicit eity variable being thrown here.
So you can actually change this name against a movie.
And then here I can do for now look d and just pass our movie.
OK.
Put that inside of.
Double quotes.
That's fine.
OK, so now what would want?
So now what is it we want to happen?
Well, we want to call instead of clickable whenever we click the roll, the card one to call the on
item click and we need to pass the string.
What string when a pass?
In this case, I'm was going to pass the movie, which is this string here.
So now let's go ahead and run this and let's open.
Logcat, make this debug, OK?
Click.
Clicking each one of these now seem content looks like a lot's happening, and let's try again, because
Harry Potter.
Let's just say tag, so we can get exactly what we want.
OK, let's give it a try again.
Avatar was clicked and you see each showing the movie that was clicked, scroll up.
And there you have it, so of course, you can see that I've added a few more movies.
And you could do the same.
Doesn't really matter, but there you go.
So it's working.
So as we click, we are indeed getting that movie.
OK.
And pass it along so we can show it as you see there.
So with this, we can do all sorts of things we can, for instance, pass this along onto a different.
Function, a different, different composable that could do something else with it.
Some of the things we can do now that we have this handle here of our movie.